  
# E-learning with Camtasia Studio | Packt  
  
[E-learning with Camtasia Studio | Packt](https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/elearning-camtasia-studio)  
  
> A step-by-step guide to producing high-quality, professional E-learning videos for effective screencasting and training  
  
As someone who has used Camtasia extensively since 2010/11, I found this book to be a great read. It is structured to be accessible to those just starting out with Camtasia, and explains the basics of preparing an e-learning video in great detail. Many of the Camtasia users guides simply cover the tasks of using the program itself without delving into the philosophy of structuring content for e-learning. This indicates concepts like needs analysis, resource gathering, and storyboarding are topics separate from content creation, and thus only provides a partial view of the importance of e-learning as a whole, well-rounded process. Rather than ignoring these, or simply directing you to an outside resource, David Demyan thoroughly explains these concepts and their importance in the first few chapters, describing a typical e-learning content creation workflow. This workflow is useful because it is extremely portable, and can be used for any major e-learning project, not just video.  
  
This book even taught me a few new tricks — I previously found quizzes and interactions to be a cumbersome process and chose instead to farm out the testing of user knowledge to other, more expensive applications (like Articulate Storyline). E-learning with Camtasia studio explained the quizzing/interaction workflow (hotspots, reporting, and even SCORM output) in a way that even the most casual Camtasia Studio user can easily grasp. I would love to see a similar guide for OS X/Camtasia for Mac users, but If you are interested in Camtasia for e-learning and run a windows machine, this book is a fantastic place to start.  